UNIT FILE                                    STATE           PRESET
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount            static          -
-.mount                                      generated       -
boot.mount                                   generated       -
dev-hugepages.mount                          static          -
dev-mqueue.mount                             static          -
mnt-data.mount                               generated       -
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                disabled        disabled
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                static          -
sys-kernel-config.mount                      static          -
sys-kernel-debug.mount                       static          -
sys-kernel-tracing.mount                     static          -
tmp.mount                                    static          -
var-lib-machines.mount                       static          -
gpm.path                                     static          -
ostree-finalize-staged.path                  disabled        disabled
systemd-ask-password-console.path            static          -
systemd-ask-password-wall.path               static          -
session-1.scope                              transient       -
adb.service                                  disabled        disabled
archlinux-keyring-wkd-sync.service           static          -
arptables.service                            disabled        disabled
auditd.service                               disabled        disabled
autovt@.service                              alias           -
avahi-daemon.service                         disabled        disabled
avahi-dnsconfd.service                       disabled        disabled
blk-availability.service                     disabled        disabled
blueman-mechanism.service                    disabled        disabled
bluetooth-mesh.service                       disabled        disabled
bluetooth.service                            enabled         disabled
btrfs-scrub@.service                         static          -
canberra-system-bootup.service               disabled        disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service      disabled        disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service             disabled        disabled
console-getty.service                        disabled        disabled
container-getty@.service                     static          -
containerd.service                           disabled        disabled
create_ap.service                            disabled        disabled
cxl-monitor.service                          disabled        disabled
daxdev-reconfigure@.service                  static          -
dbus-org.bluez.service                       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service         alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service         alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service          alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service        alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service   alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service       alias           -
dbus.service                                 static          -
debug-shell.service                          disabled        disabled
display-manager.service                      alias           -
dm-event.service                             static          -
dnsmasq.service                              disabled        disabled
docker.service                               enabled         disabled
e2scrub@.service                             static          -
e2scrub_all.service                          static          -
e2scrub_fail@.service                        static          -
e2scrub_reap.service                         disabled        disabled
ebtables.service                             disabled        disabled
emergency.service                            static          -
fancontrol.service                           disabled        disabled
flatpak-system-helper.service                static          -
fstrim.service                               static          -
geoclue.service                              static          -
getty@.service                               enabled         enabled
git-daemon@.service                          static          -
gpm.service                                  disabled        disabled
greetd.service                               enabled         disabled
healthd.service                              disabled        disabled
hostapd.service                              disabled        disabled
hostapd@.service                             disabled        disabled
initrd-cleanup.service                       static          -
initrd-parse-etc.service                     static          -
initrd-switch-root.service                   static          -
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service            static          -
ip6tables.service                            disabled        disabled
iptables.service                             disabled        disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service                    static          -
krb5-kadmind.service                         disabled        disabled
krb5-kdc.service                             disabled        disabled
krb5-kpropd.service                          disabled        disabled
krb5-kpropd@.service                         static          -
ldconfig.service                             static          -
libvirt-guests.service                       disabled        disabled
libvirtd.service                             enabled         disabled
lm_sensors.service                           disabled        disabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                        static          -
lvm2-monitor.service                         static          -
man-db.service                               static          -
mariadb.service                              enabled         disabled
mariadb@.service                             disabled        disabled
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                 static          -
mdadm-last-resort@.service                   static          -
mdcheck_continue.service                     static          -
mdcheck_start.service                        static          -
mdmon@.service                               static          -
mdmonitor-oneshot.service                    static          -
mdmonitor.service                            static          -
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service   static          -
modprobe@.service                            static          -
multipathd.service                           disabled        disabled
mysql.service                                alias           -
mysqld.service                               alias           -
ndctl-monitor.service                        disabled        disabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service            enabled         disabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service           enabled         disabled
NetworkManager.service                       enabled         disabled
nextdns.service                              disabled        disabled
nftables.service                             disabled        disabled
nix-daemon.service                           linked          disabled
nm-priv-helper.service                       static          -
nvidia-hibernate.service                     disabled        disabled
nvidia-persistenced.service                  disabled        disabled
nvidia-powerd.service                        disabled        disabled
nvidia-resume.service                        disabled        disabled
nvidia-suspend.service                       disabled        disabled
openvpn-client@.service                      disabled        disabled
openvpn-server@.service                      disabled        disabled
ostree-boot-complete.service                 static          -
ostree-finalize-staged-hold.service          static          -
ostree-finalize-staged.service               static          -
ostree-prepare-root.service                  static          -
ostree-remount.service                       disabled        disabled
paccache.service                             static          -
pacman-filesdb-refresh.service               static          -
pam_namespace.service                        static          -
pcscd.service                                indirect        disabled
plocate-updatedb.service                     static          -
polkit.service                               static          -
qemu-pr-helper.service                       static          -
quotaon.service                              static          -
reflector.service                            disabled        disabled
rescue.service                               static          -
rfkill-block@.service                        disabled        disabled
rfkill-unblock@.service                      disabled        disabled
rsyncd.service                               disabled        disabled
rsyncd@.service                              static          -
rtkit-daemon.service                         disabled        disabled
seatd.service                                disabled        disabled
sensord.service                              disabled        disabled
serial-getty@.service                        disabled        disabled
shadow.service                               static          -
sndiod.service                               disabled        disabled
spice-webdavd.service                        static          -
sshd.service                                 disabled        disabled
sshdgenkeys.service                          static          -
sudo_logsrvd.service                         disabled        disabled
syncthing-resume.service                     disabled        disabled
syncthing@.service                           disabled        disabled
system-update-cleanup.service                static          -
systemd-ask-password-console.service         static          -
systemd-ask-password-wall.service            static          -
systemd-backlight@.service                   static          -
systemd-battery-check.service                static          -
systemd-binfmt.service                       static          -
systemd-bless-boot.service                   static          -
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service       disabled        disabled
systemd-boot-random-seed.service             static          -
systemd-boot-update.service                  disabled        enabled
systemd-bsod.service                         static          -
systemd-confext.service                      disabled        disabled
systemd-coredump@.service                    static          -
systemd-exit.service                         static          -
systemd-firstboot.service                    static          -
systemd-fsck-root.service                    enabled-runtime disabled
systemd-fsck@.service                        static          -
systemd-growfs-root.service                  static          -
systemd-growfs@.service                      static          -
systemd-halt.service                         static          -
systemd-hibernate-resume.service             static          -
systemd-hibernate.service                    static          -
systemd-homed-activate.service               disabled        disabled
systemd-homed.service                        disabled        enabled
systemd-hostnamed.service                    static          -
systemd-hwdb-update.service                  static          -
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                 static          -
systemd-importd.service                      static          -
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service       static          -
systemd-journal-flush.service                static          -
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service             indirect        disabled
systemd-journal-remote.service               indirect        disabled
systemd-journal-upload.service               disabled        disabled
systemd-journald.service                     static          -
systemd-journald@.service                    static          -
systemd-kexec.service                        static          -
systemd-localed.service                      static          -
systemd-logind.service                       static          -
systemd-machine-id-commit.service            static          -
systemd-machined.service                     static          -
systemd-modules-load.service                 static          -
systemd-network-generator.service            disabled        enabled
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service         disabled        enabled
systemd-networkd-wait-online@.service        disabled        disabled
systemd-networkd.service                     disabled        enabled
systemd-nspawn@.service                      disabled        disabled
systemd-oomd.service                         disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrextend@.service                   static          -
systemd-pcrfs-root.service                   static          -
systemd-pcrfs@.service                       static          -
systemd-pcrlock-file-system.service          disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-firmware-code.service        disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-firmware-config.service      disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-machine-id.service           disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-make-policy.service          disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-secureboot-authority.service disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-secureboot-policy.service    disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrmachine.service                   static          -
systemd-pcrphase-initrd.service              static          -
systemd-pcrphase-sysinit.service             static          -
systemd-pcrphase.service                     static          -
systemd-portabled.service                    static          -
systemd-poweroff.service                     static          -
systemd-pstore.service                       disabled        enabled
systemd-quotacheck.service                   static          -
systemd-random-seed.service                  static          -
systemd-reboot.service                       static          -
systemd-remount-fs.service                   enabled-runtime disabled
systemd-repart.service                       static          -
systemd-resolved.service                     disabled        enabled
systemd-rfkill.service                       static          -
systemd-soft-reboot.service                  static          -
systemd-storagetm.service                    static          -
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service       static          -
systemd-suspend.service                      static          -
systemd-sysctl.service                       static          -
systemd-sysext.service                       disabled        disabled
systemd-sysext@.service                      static          -
systemd-sysupdate-reboot.service             indirect        disabled
systemd-sysupdate.service                    indirect        disabled
systemd-sysusers.service                     static          -
systemd-time-wait-sync.service               disabled        disabled
systemd-timedated.service                    static          -
systemd-timesyncd.service                    enabled         enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service               static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev-early.service     static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service           static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service               static          -
systemd-tpm2-setup-early.service             static          -
systemd-tpm2-setup.service                   static          -
systemd-udev-settle.service                  static          -
systemd-udev-trigger.service                 static          -
systemd-udevd.service                        static          -
systemd-update-done.service                  static          -
systemd-update-utmp.service                  static          -
systemd-user-sessions.service                static          -
systemd-userdbd.service                      indirect        disabled
systemd-vconsole-setup.service               static          -
systemd-volatile-root.service                static          -
teamd@.service                               static          -
tor.service                                  disabled        disabled
transmission.service                         disabled        disabled
udisks2.service                              disabled        disabled
ufw.service                                  disabled        disabled
upower.service                               disabled        disabled
usbmuxd.service                              static          -
user-runtime-dir@.service                    static          -
user@.service                                static          -
uuidd.service                                indirect        disabled
virtchd.service                              disabled        disabled
virtinterfaced.service                       disabled        disabled
virtlockd.service                            disabled        disabled
virtlogd.service                             disabled        disabled
virtlxcd.service                             disabled        disabled
virtnetworkd.service                         disabled        disabled
virtnodedevd.service                         disabled        disabled
virtnwfilterd.service                        disabled        disabled
virtproxyd.service                           disabled        disabled
virtqemud.service                            disabled        disabled
virtsecretd.service                          disabled        disabled
virtstoraged.service                         disabled        disabled
virtvboxd.service                            disabled        disabled
vpnc@.service                                disabled        disabled
wacom-inputattach@.service                   static          -
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service              disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service                disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant.service                       disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant@.service                      disabled        disabled
machine.slice                                static          -
system-systemd\x2dcryptsetup.slice           static          -
system-systemd\x2dveritysetup.slice          static          -
user.slice                                   static          -
avahi-daemon.socket                          disabled        disabled
dbus.socket                                  static          -
dm-event.socket                              static          -
docker.socket                                disabled        disabled
git-daemon.socket                            disabled        disabled
krb5-kpropd.socket                           disabled        disabled
libvirtd-admin.socket                        disabled        disabled
libvirtd-ro.socket                           enabled         disabled
libvirtd-tcp.socket                          disabled        disabled
libvirtd-tls.socket                          disabled        disabled
libvirtd.socket                              enabled         disabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                         static          -
mariadb-extra.socket                         static          -
mariadb-extra@.socket                        static          -
mariadb.socket                               static          -
mariadb@.socket                              static          -
multipathd.socket                            disabled        disabled
nix-daemon.socket                            enabled         disabled
pcscd.socket                                 disabled        disabled
qemu-pr-helper.socket                        disabled        disabled
rsyncd.socket                                disabled        disabled
syslog.socket                                static          -
systemd-coredump.socket                      static          -
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket              disabled        disabled
systemd-journal-remote.socket                disabled        disabled
systemd-journald-audit.socket                disabled        enabled
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket              static          -
systemd-journald-varlink@.socket             static          -
systemd-journald.socket                      static          -
systemd-journald@.socket                     static          -
systemd-networkd.socket                      disabled        disabled
systemd-oomd.socket                          disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrextend.socket                     disabled        disabled
systemd-rfkill.socket                        static          -
systemd-sysext.socket                        disabled        disabled
systemd-udevd-control.socket                 static          -
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                  static          -
systemd-userdbd.socket                       disabled        enabled
uuidd.socket                                 disabled        disabled
virtchd-admin.socket                         disabled        disabled
virtchd-ro.socket                            disabled        disabled
virtchd.socket                               disabled        disabled
virtinterfaced-admin.socket                  disabled        disabled
virtinterfaced-ro.socket                     disabled        disabled
virtinterfaced.socket                        disabled        disabled
virtlockd-admin.socket                       disabled        disabled
virtlockd.socket                             enabled         disabled
virtlogd-admin.socket                        disabled        disabled
virtlogd.socket                              enabled         disabled
virtlxcd-admin.socket                        disabled        disabled
virtlxcd-ro.socket                           disabled        disabled
virtlxcd.socket                              disabled        disabled
virtnetworkd-admin.socket                    disabled        disabled
virtnetworkd-ro.socket                       disabled        disabled
virtnetworkd.socket                          disabled        disabled
virtnodedevd-admin.socket                    disabled        disabled
virtnodedevd-ro.socket                       disabled        disabled
virtnodedevd.socket                          disabled        disabled
virtnwfilterd-admin.socket                   disabled        disabled
virtnwfilterd-ro.socket                      disabled        disabled
virtnwfilterd.socket                         disabled        disabled
virtproxyd-admin.socket                      disabled        disabled
virtproxyd-ro.socket                         disabled        disabled
virtproxyd-tcp.socket                        disabled        disabled
virtproxyd-tls.socket                        disabled        disabled
virtproxyd.socket                            disabled        disabled
virtqemud-admin.socket                       disabled        disabled
virtqemud-ro.socket                          disabled        disabled
virtqemud.socket                             disabled        disabled
virtsecretd-admin.socket                     disabled        disabled
virtsecretd-ro.socket                        disabled        disabled
virtsecretd.socket                           disabled        disabled
virtstoraged-admin.socket                    disabled        disabled
virtstoraged-ro.socket                       disabled        disabled
virtstoraged.socket                          disabled        disabled
virtvboxd-admin.socket                       disabled        disabled
virtvboxd-ro.socket                          disabled        disabled
virtvboxd.socket                             disabled        disabled
swapfile.swap                                generated       -
basic.target                                 static          -
blockdev@.target                             static          -
bluetooth.target                             static          -
boot-complete.target                         static          -
cryptsetup-pre.target                        static          -
cryptsetup.target                            static          -
ctrl-alt-del.target                          alias           -
default.target                               alias           -
emergency.target                             static          -
exit.target                                  disabled        disabled
factory-reset.target                         static          -
final.target                                 static          -
first-boot-complete.target                   static          -
getty-pre.target                             static          -
getty.target                                 static          -
graphical.target                             static          -
halt.target                                  disabled        disabled
hibernate.target                             static          -
hybrid-sleep.target                          static          -
initrd-fs.target                             static          -
initrd-root-device.target                    static          -
initrd-root-fs.target                        static          -
initrd-switch-root.target                    static          -
initrd-usr-fs.target                         static          -
initrd.target                                static          -
integritysetup-pre.target                    static          -
integritysetup.target                        static          -
kexec.target                                 disabled        disabled
local-fs-pre.target                          static          -
local-fs.target                              static          -
machines.target                              disabled        enabled
multi-user.target                            static          -
network-online.target                        static          -
network-pre.target                           static          -
network.target                               static          -
nss-lookup.target                            static          -
nss-user-lookup.target                       static          -
paths.target                                 static          -
poweroff.target                              disabled        disabled
printer.target                               static          -
reboot.target                                disabled        enabled
remote-cryptsetup.target                     disabled        enabled
remote-fs-pre.target                         static          -
remote-fs.target                             enabled         enabled
remote-veritysetup.target                    disabled        disabled
rescue.target                                static          -
rpcbind.target                               static          -
shutdown.target                              static          -
sigpwr.target                                static          -
sleep.target                                 static          -
slices.target                                static          -
smartcard.target                             static          -
sockets.target                               static          -
soft-reboot.target                           static          -
sound.target                                 static          -
storage-target-mode.target                   static          -
suspend-then-hibernate.target                static          -
suspend.target                               static          -
swap.target                                  static          -
sysinit.target                               static          -
system-update-pre.target                     static          -
system-update.target                         static          -
time-set.target                              static          -
time-sync.target                             static          -
timers.target                                static          -
umount.target                                static          -
usb-gadget.target                            static          -
veritysetup-pre.target                       static          -
veritysetup.target                           static          -
virt-guest-shutdown.target                   static          -
archlinux-keyring-wkd-sync.timer             static          -
aur-auto-vote.timer                          disabled        disabled
btrfs-scrub@.timer                           disabled        disabled
e2scrub_all.timer                            disabled        disabled
fstrim.timer                                 disabled        disabled
man-db.timer                                 disabled        disabled
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                     static          -
mdcheck_continue.timer                       disabled        disabled
mdcheck_start.timer                          disabled        disabled
mdmonitor-oneshot.timer                      disabled        disabled
paccache.timer                               enabled         disabled
pacman-filesdb-refresh.timer                 disabled        disabled
plocate-updatedb.timer                       disabled        disabled
reflector.timer                              enabled         disabled
shadow.timer                                 static          -
systemd-sysupdate-reboot.timer               disabled        disabled
systemd-sysupdate.timer                      disabled        disabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                 static          -

449 unit files listed.
